Matthew three in those days John the
Baptist came preaching in the wilderness
of Judea repent for the kingdom of
heaven is at hand for this is he who was
spoken of by the prophet Isaiah when he
said the voice of one crying in the
wilderness prepare the way of the Lord
make his paths straight now John wore a
garment of camel's hair and a leather
belt around his waist and his food was
locusts and wild honey
then Jerusalem and all Judea and all the
region about the Jordan were going out
to him and they were baptized by him in
the river Jordan confessing their sins
but when he saw many of the Pharisees
and Sadducees coming to his baptism he
said to them you brood of vipers who
warned you to flee from the wrath to
come
bear fruit in keeping with repentance
and do not presume to say to yourselves
we have Abraham as our Father for I tell
you God is able from these stones to
raise up children for Abraham even now
the ax is laid to the root of the trees
every tree therefore that does not bear
good fruit is cut down and thrown into
the fire i baptize you with water for
repentance but he who was coming after
me is mightier than I whose sandals I am
not worthy to carry he will baptize you
with the Holy Spirit and fire his
winnowing Fork is in his hand and he
will clear his threshing floor and
gather his wheat into the barn but the
chaff he will burn with unquenchable
fire then Jesus came from Galilee to the
Jordan to John to be baptized by him
John would have prevented him saying
I need to be baptized by you and do you
come to me but jesus answered him let it
be so now for thus it is fitting for us
to fulfill all righteousness then he
consented and when Jesus was baptized
immediately he went up from the water
and behold the heavens were opened to
him and he saw the Spirit of God
descending like a dove and coming to
rest on him and behold a voice from
heaven said this is my beloved son with
whom I am well-pleased
Matthew 4 then Jesus was led up by the
spirit into the wilderness to be tempted
by the devil and after fasting forty
days and forty nights he was hungry and
the tempter came and said to him these
stones to become loaves of bread but he
answered it is written man shall not
live by bread alone but by every word
that comes from the mouth of God then
the devil took him to the holy city and
set him on the pinnacle of the temple
and said to him if you are the son of
God throw yourself down for it is
written he will command his angels
concerning
on their hands they will bear you up has
to strike your foot against a stone
jesus said to him again it is written
you shall not put the Lord your God to
the test again the devil took him to a
very high mountain and showed him all
the kingdoms of the world and their
glory and he said to him then jesus said
to him begone Satan for it is written
you shall worship the Lord your God and
him only shall you serve
then the devil left him and behold
angels came and were ministering to him
now when he heard that John had been
arrested he withdrew into Galilee and
leaving Nazareth he went and lived in
Capernaum by the sea in the territory of
Zebulun and Naphtali so that what was
spoken by the prophet Isaiah might be
fulfilled the land of Zebulun and the
land of Naphtali the way of the sea
beyond the Jordan Galilee of the
Gentiles the people dwelling and
darkness have seen a great light and for
those dwelling in the region and shadow
of death on them the light has dawned
from that time Jesus began to preach
saying repent for the kingdom of heaven
is at hand while walking by the Sea of
Galilee he saw two brothers Simon who is
called Peter and Andrew his brother
casting a net into the sea for they were
fishermen and he said to them follow me
and I will make you fishers of men
immediately they left their nets and
followed him and going on from there he
saw two other brothers James the son of
Zebedee and John his brother in the boat
with Zebedee their father mending their
nets and he
although immediately they left the boat
and their father and followed him and he
went throughout all Galilee teaching in
their synagogues and proclaiming the
gospel of the kingdom and healing every
disease and every affliction among the
people
so his fame spread throughout all Syria
and they brought him all to sick those
afflicted with various diseases and
pains those oppressed by demons
epileptics and paralytics and He healed
them and great crowds followed him from
Galilee and the Decapolis and from
Jerusalem and Judea and from beyond the
Jordan